Backport/1.12: Add dns node lookup support in partitions (#13465)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/discovery/dns.mdx

[`translate_wan_addrs`](/docs/agent/config/config-files#translate_wan_addrs) configuration
options.

## Namespaced/Partitioned Services and Nodes <EnterpriseAlert inline />

> The DNS server in Consul Enterprise can resolve services assigned to namespaces and partitions,
> and nodes assigned to partitions via DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DNS server in Consul Enterprise can resolve services assigned to namespaces and partitions.
The The DNS server can also resolve nodes assigned to partitions.
```

[`translate_wan_addrs`](/docs/agent/config/config-files#translate_wan_addrs) configuration
options.

## Namespaced/Partitioned Services and Nodes <EnterpriseAlert inline />

> Consul Enterprise supports resolving namespaced and partitioned services and nodes via DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DNS server in Consul Enterprise can resolve services assigned to namespaces, partitions, and nodes via DNS.
```
I think this is clearer, but is it still accurate?

Author: I reworded it more to make it clear services are namespace+partition and nodes are only partition.

[tag.]<service>.service.<namespace>.ns.<partition>.ap.<datacenter>.dc.<domain>
```

> This is the canonical name of a Consul Enterprise service. Currently at least 2 of
> `[namespace, partition, datacenter]` must be present - in a future version (once the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the canonical name of a Consul Enterprise service. At least two of the following fields must be present:
* `namespace`
* `partition` 
* `datacenter`
```
For consistency with the style guide

> [`prefer_namespace` configuration](/docs/agent/config/config-files#dns_prefer_namespace) has been

Reviewer: We should remove lines 483-486. The guidance on style is to only describe the current state of the product and avoid describing updates we will implement in the future.
